Publishing-Assets-W-Documentation-CP (#347)
mulesoft/docs-studio: modules/ROOT/pages/export-to-exchange-task.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Anypoint Studio enables you to write documentation in your new projects and to connect to Exchange to publish your project as a new asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Studio enables you to write documentation in your new projects and to connect to Exchange to publish your projects as new assets.
```

Reviewer: Should this be "write documentation for your new projects" instead of "in your new projects"?

Author: Actually, maybe both are right!
You can write documentation _for_ your project _in_ your project. But I like the "for" more :)
Thanks!

== Publishing Assets with Documentation

> When creating a new project in Anypoint Studio, it includes an exchange-docs folder with a home.md file to write the front page of a new asset in Markdown format after publishing it in Exchange.

Reviewer: When you create a new project in Anypoint Studio, Studio includes an `exchange-docs`folder with a `home.md` file. You can write the front page of a new asset in Markdown format after publishing it to Exchange.

Reviewer: What does it mean to write the front page of an asset? Are you documenting the asset on this page?

Maybe say something like this? 
You can document a new asset by using Markdown format on the asset's front page after publishing the asset to Exchange.

Reviewer: I usually use backticks for file and folder names but I see that you used bold for folder names later on. I am OK with either if it is consistent.

Author: Thanks for pointing to the backticks and bold in folder and file names! 
Regarding your question, yes! You can create the front page of your asset with this *home.md* file, so you can document it as well.
Finally, I tried to make a version that avoids repeating the word "asset".

NOTE: Learn more about Markdown at https://www.markdownguide.org/.

Studio enables you to add more pages, images, and an icon: 

. Create a new project in Anypoint Studio.

> . In the Package Explorer view, look for *Exchange-docs* > *Home.md* and open it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the Package Explorer view, open *Exchange-docs* > *Home.md*.
```

> . Use the default Text Editor for Studio, or choose an external editor by right clicking on *Open with...* > *Other*, and selecting an external app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Use the default Studio text editor or choose an external editor by right-clicking on *Open with...* > *Other* and selecting an external app.
```

> . Optionally, create additional pages to add to your asset documentation by right clicking on the *Exchange-docs* folder and selecting *New* > *File*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optionally, create additional pages to add to your asset documentation by right-clicking on the *Exchange-docs* folder and selecting *New* > *File*.
```

+
NOTE: The name of the file will be the name of the page in Exchange.
+

> . If you have more than two pages, create a `config.json` file using the following format  to provide a page order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you have more than two pages, create a `config.json` file using the following format to provide a page order:
```

Author: Great catch!

> . In case of having more than two pages, create a `config.json` file to provide page order following the format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you have more than two pages, create a `config.json` file using the following format  to provide a page order:
```

+
----
{"pageOrder": ["home","page1","page2"]}
----
+

> If no format is provided, the home page will be followed by the other pages in alphabetical order. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no format is provided, the home page is followed by the other pages in alphabetical order. 
```

> If no format is provided, the home page will be followed by the other pages in alphabetical order. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no format is provided, the home page is followed by the other pages in alphabetical order. 
```

+

> . Assign an icon to your project by adding an image (*.jpg, *.png, *.bmp) with the name icon before publishing your project for the first time.

Reviewer 2: I would bold the `**icon**` word, or add an example like `(i.e. icon.png)` to avoid confusion or misuse by the users

Author: Thanks for the tip! I've added an "(for example, *icon.png*)".

. Create a *Resources* folder in the *Exchange-docs* folder to add extra resources to your documentation, such as images, or other types of files (size limit of 2MB).

> . To publish your project, right-click on your project in the *Package Explorer*, and click on *Anypoint Platform* > *Publish to Exchange*.

Reviewer: You did not bold Package Explorer view previously (and you also used the term view: "Package Explorer view").

Author: Sorry! I got confused! Is it OK to bold "Package Explorer" as part of the UI and not bold "view"? Does it make sense to you?

Reviewer: That works if users see the label "Package Explorer" in the GUI.

Author: Yes! That's the tab label. Thanks!

> . To publish your project, right click your project in the *Package Explorer*, and click on *Anypoint Platform* > *Publish to Exchange*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To publish your project, right-click on your project in the *Package Explorer*, and click on *Anypoint Platform* > *Publish to Exchange*.
```

> . Log in to the platform if needed, fill in the required fields of the two pages, and click on the *Finish* button. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Log in to the platform if needed, fill in the required fields, and click *Finish*. 
```

> . Log in to the platform if needed, fill in the required fields of the two pages, and click on the *Finish* button. 

Reviewer: What if you have more than two pages?

. After uploading the asset, click on the link provided to verify that your asset and documentation are available in Exchange.

== Publishing a Project to Exchange

> . Right-click your project folder in your *Package Explorer* view.

Reviewer: You did not bold this previously - the formatting should be consistent.

Author: Good catch! Thanks!

. Select *Anypoint Platform* > *Publish to Exchange*.
+
image::publish-project-to-exchange.png[AltText:"Right-click + select + publish."]
+

> . Either select your Anypoint Platform user and business group, or create a new Anypoint Platform account by clicking *Add Account*. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Either select your Anypoint Platform user and business group or create a new Anypoint Platform account by clicking *Add Account*. +
```

Additionally, you can click the *Add Account* button to use a new Anypoint Platform account.
. Verify that the required identification and version information for your project is present and correct:
+
image::configure-asset-properties.png[AltText:"List of fields to configure before publishing an asset to Exchange."]
+
<1> *Name*: The name of your API specification.
<1> *Description*: (optional) A description of your API specification.

> <1> *Group ID*: The group ID for your project is the organization ID of your Anypoint Platform organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> *Group ID*: The organization ID of your Anypoint Platform organization.
```

> <1> *Artifact ID*: The artifact ID is the name of your project, minus its version. By default, Studio uses the artifact ID configured in your `pom.xml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> *Artifact ID*: The name of your project, minus its version. By default, Studio uses the artifact ID configured in your `pom.xml` file.
```

<1> *Version*: The version of the asset you are publishing.
<1> *Project type*: If you are publishing a new version of an already published asset, you cannot change the project type.
+
. Select *Next*.
. Configure the tags, categories, and custom fields for your project:
+
image::tags-and-categories-configuration.png[AltText:"Configuration screen for adding tags, categories, and custom fields to your asset."]
+
Categories cannot be created from Studio directly. Refer to the xref:exchange::to-manage-categories.adoc[Manage Categories] documentation to learn how to create Categories for your organization.
+

> Custom Fields cannot be created from Studio directly. Refer to the xref:exchange::to-manage-custom-fields.adoc[Manage Custom Fields] documentation to learn how to create Custom Fields for your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom fields cannot be created from Studio directly. Refer to the xref:exchange::to-manage-custom-fields.adoc[Manage Custom Fields] documentation to learn how to create custom fields for your organization.
```

> Categories cannot be created from Studio directly. Refer to the xref:exchange::to-manage-categories.adoc[Manage Categories] documentation to learn how to create Categories for your organization.

Reviewer: I would not initial cap Categories.

Author: Right you are!

> Custom Fields cannot be created from Studio directly. Refer to the xref:exchange::to-manage-custom-fields.adoc[Manage Custom Fields] documentation to learn how to create Custom Fields for your organization.

Reviewer: I would not initial cap Custom Fields.

Author: Right you are!

+

> . Check the *Save updated project information to the pom.xml* box to update your `pom.xml` file with the data provided. This option syncs your local project information with the data you entered. If not checked, your project is deployed with the provided data, but your local project remains with the original information and it is not updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Check the *Save updated project information to the pom.xml* box to update your `pom.xml` file with the data provided. This option syncs your local project information with the data you entered. If not checked, your project is deployed with the provided data, but your local project remains with the original information and is not updated.
```
